27 python311 in doc (#40)
ImperialCollegeLondon/imperial_coldfront_plugin: README.md

To get started:

1. Create and activate a [virtual environment](https://docs.python.org/3/library/venv.html).
   

> **Note:** It is important that this environment is created with `Python 3.11`. It cannot be any higher or lower Python version due to `coldfront` limitations at the time of writing. You may note we ensure this requirenment in the `pyproject.toml` file by `requires-python = "~=3.11"`, but wish to mention it again explicitly here. A tool like `pyenv` that has any Python version activated tht is different from `Python 3.11`, can bypass this requirenment and lead to side effects.

Reviewer: Not entirely sure what the last sentence is meant to mean, but it is probably not necessary in any case
```suggestion
**Note:** It is important that this environment is created with `Python 3.11`. It cannot be any higher or lower Python version due to `coldfront` limitations at the time of writing. You may note we ensure this requirement in the `pyproject.toml` file by `requires-python = "~=3.11"`, but wish to mention it again explicitly here.
```

> Taking care of the note, we can then create a virual environment from the comman line like so:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Taking care of the note, we can then create a virtual environment from the command line like so:
```
